I Praveen Prakash Tiwari am the young hustler in third year pursuing Computer Science and Engineering at SRM Institute of Science and Technology, Chennai, India. I am just 19 and I have completed my intermediate – the best phase of my life from St. Thomas’s School, Dwarka, New Delhi. My hobbies are to read, write, speak, listen.
For the last few years, my full concentration and focus was towards academics to get a strong base. But now I am exploring all around and trying new things as much as I can. Till now, I have not achieved anything but now I am learning and working on few projects. 
As an Technical Associate in my College Clubs, I am working on my interests i.e., Blockchain technology and Computers where I am trying to make life easier for human beings with these new Technologies. Recently, I am working as a Web developer for College Clubs and learning a lot in Technical fields. Also, to engage myself and learn new skills I am working as a Graphic Designer, Marketing Executive, Corporate Executive, Content Writer, Script Writer, Actor in different clubs. In different clubs at different responsibility and positions, I made myself so flexible and also learning many things other than academics.
I always like to do my work perfect and try to make an impact. I take every responsibility, thinking myself to lead from front. I do any work as a challenge and my only try is to win. But I don’t regret at my loss because I either win or learn. “DO” is my favorite word.
Now, my focus is not only enhancing these skills but also creating new skills to make an impact on society. Ultimately, trying to make world a better place to live.

[LinkedIn] : <div class="badge-base LI-profile-badge" data-locale="en_US" data-size="large" data-theme="light" data-type="VERTICAL" data-vanity="praveenprakashtiwari" data-version="v1"><a class="badge-base__link LI-simple-link" href="https://in.linkedin.com/in/praveenprakashtiwari?trk=profile-badge">PRAVEEN PRAKASH TIWARI</a></div>
